Reinforcement learning
is a hard topic.
It seems every week I hear about
a new algorithm or
new application
of reinforcement learning.
On the other hand,
the fundamentals
of RL are much the same.
State of the art learning
systems are often
constructed from
a few well-known ideas,
which are actually
not that complicated.
Take DQN for example,
this learning system combines
Q learning, Epsilon-greedy
action selection,
neural network
function approximation,
and a few other ideas to
achieve superhuman scores
in Atari games.
In this one learning system,
we see many of the most
common building blocks
of RL systems.
This course will closely
follow Sutton and
Martha's new addition of
reinforcement learning
and introduction.
The first edition trained
two generations of
RL researchers including
Martha and myself.
The RL book and
this specialization adhere
to a simple principle,
introduce each idea in the
simplest setting it arises.
In this spirit, we begin
our study with
multi-arm bandit problems.
Here, we get our first taste
of the complexities
of incremental learning,
exploration, and exploitation.
After that, we move onto
Markov decision processes to
broaden the class of problems
we can solve with
reinforcement learning methods.
Here we will learn
about balancing
short-term and long-term reward.
We will introduce key ideas
like policies and
value functions using
almost all RL systems.
We conclude Course 1 with
classic planning methods
called dynamic programming.
These methods have been used in
large industrial control
problems and can
compute optimal policies given
a complete model of the world.
In Course 2, we built
on these ideas and
design algorithms for learning
without a model of the world.
We study three classes
of methods designed
for learning from trial
and error interaction.
We start with Monte
Carlo methods and then
move on to temporal
difference learning,
including Q learning.
We conclude Course 2
with an investigation of
methods for planning
with learned models.
In Course 3, we leave
the relative comfort of
small finite MDPs and
investigate RL with
function approximation.
Here we will see that
the main concepts
from Courses 1 and
2 transferred to problems with
larger infinite state spaces.
We will cover
feature construction,
neural network learning,
policy gradient methods, and
other particularities of the
function approximation setting.
You'll notice that
this specialization
starts out with basic material,
but by the end of Course 3,
you'll see how much we build on
simple concepts
introduced earlier on.
You'll finish Course 3 and wonder
how it is you learned so much,
when it all seemed pretty
simple at the time.
The final course in
this specialization brings
everything together in
a Capstone project.
Throughout this specialization,
as in Rich and Andy's book,
we stress a rigorous and
scientific approach to RL.
We conduct numerous experiments
designed to carefully
compare algorithms.
It takes careful
planning and a lot of
hard work to produce
a meaningful empirical results.
In the Capstone, we will walk
you through each step of
this process so that you can
conduct your own
scientific experiment.
We will explore
all the stages from
problem specification,
all the way to
publication quality plots.
This is not just academic.
In real problems,
it's important to
verify and understand
your system.
After that, you should
be ready to test
your own new ideas or tackle
a new exciting application
of RL in your job.
We hope you enjoyed
the show half as
much as we enjoyed
making it for you.